Update Destination sync modes in docs (#963)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/docs/config/destinations.mdx

  height={800}
/>

> In addition to any Plugin-specific Destination options, you will also be asked to choose a Sync Mode. An App supports a number Sync Modes which determine how we deal with creating and deleting records for the Destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to any Plugin-specific Destination options, you will also be asked to choose a Sync Mode. Grouparoo Destinations support a number Sync Modes which determine how we deal with creating and deleting records for the Destination.
```

- **Append** (`append`): Always create new records, even if they already exist in the Destination.
- **Create** (`create`): Create new records if they don‘t already exist in the Destination.
- **Sync** (`sync`): Create, update, and delete Records as needed.
- **Upsert** (`upsert`): Create new records if they don‘t already exist, or update existing record.
- **Update** (`update`): Only update Records that already exist in the Destination. It does not add or remove any Records.

> 

Reviewer: I feel like we need to add something explaining how Append and Create are different.

Append: For event-like destinations.  We never look up if it exists already.
Create: For user-like destinations.  We will try to look up the record first.
